inf.html talks to inffunction.js

To add (1-18)
as long as there is a non-zero chance of infection and a large population, and a non-zero socialcoef, we expect at least ONE person should get infected. Unfortunately, the way the # of infected is decided does not work properly, because it will just round down if p_infect*ninfected*socialcoef < 1. That is, we do not take into account MULTIPLE exposures for the healthy people. If some person is exposed 100 times and there is a 0.01 chance of infection, they should be infected by default. Basically, it's all or nothing. There is not enough of a time-dependance on whether or not someone gets infected. 

Proposed Solution:
make p_infect a probability distribution, not a constant. In this way, a certain percentage of the population is more susceptible to becoming infected and will become infected given a decent amount of time.

Proposed Solution 2:
use a p distribution to vary p_infect by an order of magnitude. 

3:
nhealthy is a p distribution of 1/p_infect indices.
they are distributed along this array normally.
When they are exposed, 

imagine inffunction is between the script tags in inf.html.

notice something interesting about the backup scheme, every time I ./infbackup I also backup every backup! 

To add:
Edit Infection table (death prob, social coef, etc). 
Graphical display on graph. Change graph size according to run on/off, if not running make graph tiny, if running make graph huge.
Only show "adjust variables…" while not running.

Problem with the infclass: the healthy people are not being social, only the infected are. We need the healthy population to go out and "look" for infected. (note: this may be due to a rounding error in the floor function). This may not be a bug, however, imagine if we had a population of 70 "infected" people. The simulator basically calcs what are the odds of one of these infected meeting a healthy? if 100 sick to 1 healthy, the odds are 1 in a hundred for each * social coefficient (# ppl met per tick) * odds of spreading disease (~1/10 of these people are infected). We should expect the healthy people to go out and meet the same # of people. In this case if they met 10 ppl/day, there is a 

spread of a disease through tribes of indigenous 
